>> Brian Holt: Questions about CSS?
>> Speaker 2: What's the difference
between background and background-color?
>> Brian Holt: That's a good question.
So background, if I do like this,
it's a shorthand,
you can put a bunch of
stuff in the background.
>> Brian Holt: In general, let's see if
it'll actually tell me, shorthand property
for, you can put background layers,
>> Brian Holt: Anyway,
there's some documentation
there that I can read.
>> Speaker 2: So you can use that to
change the color or do some other stuff?
>> Brian Holt: Right.
>> Speaker 2: But
background-color is just for the color?
>> Brian Holt: Precisely, yeah.
So the reason why I choose not
to do background, generally.
One, I don't remember all of
the properties for it, and
it's really easy, too.
So, if I did background like this and
then I try to do
background,
>> Brian Holt: Image, something like this.
>> Brian Holt: Or maybe like this.
Yeah, like this.
Then I put some sort of dot index,
like that.
So this is something totally
valid that you may wanna do which
is if you can load the image,
then load the image.
And if not, then show the color.
However, if you do it like this,
because background also encompasses
background-image, you would override it.
And it's not obvious.
>> Speaker 2: Because it
comes later in the CSS.
>> Brian Holt: Right.
However, if you do
background-color like this,
then what we were talking
about would work.
Or if I had it the other way, which was
this one comes last would work as well.
So that's why generally like not to do it,
but that's just a personal preference.
Does that answer your question?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Cool, yeah.
>> Speaker 3: There is a question in chat
that's asking if the cursor: not-allowed,
if it works on other things
besides a button, like a field.
>> Brian Holt: Mm-hm, works on anything.
It's a good question.
So for example,
if I wanted to, I don't know,
you could do body, cursor: not-allowed.
If you wanted to be a little
saucy to your users,
you can't click any of this,
then you could on the other one, right?
And now nothing looks clickable
on my particular page.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, works on anything.
Something to keep in mind though is
we're in the sort of world now that
a lot of people will be viewing
your website from mobile, right?
And there's no hover events on a phone,
right?
You can't hover on your phone,
you can either tap or not tap.
So, when you do things like cursors and
things like that, it should be
the sprinkling on top, it shouldn't
necessarily be the focus of your UI.
So that's why it's good that we have,
if we come back here,
both that it's grayed out and
there's not-allowed, right?
You need it to also work on mobile.